Hmm
I will explain how to set up a google account
Set up a google account to use Google's app
You will see a screen about your google account on first launch
If not set at the first start
Tap Google apps such as Play Store
Tap a new account
Enter Nishina
Tap the lower right arrow
Enter any username
Enter your password
Enter the same password again to prevent incorrect password registration
Tap the lower right arrow
Tap Setter Reset Options
The circle is numbered as the best of google password
Enter your backup email address
Tap the lower right arrow
In the screen to join Google Plus, tap now not set
Confirm the content and tap the lower right arrow
Check Terms of Use, etc. Tap to agree
If the authentication screen is displayed, enter the characters displayed on the screen.
Tap the lower right arrow
Set up Google Play credit card if necessary
If you do not want to set, tap Do later
Confirm the contents and tap to agree
Configuration is complete